# DR0002: Language Of Documentation
## STATUS
Proposed

## Context
Our documentation will be probably be too messy if we mix languages.

## Decision & Arguments
We can choose between two languages: English and Dutch.
We are native speakers in Dutch, but we are all used to English,
since it is the most used language in the software world (as we know it).
This decision records proposes to use English as our language of documentation.
It is industry standard to use English, and it helps making our code more accessible.
One of our team members indicated that he might have trouble using english,
We thought of a compromise, but decided that that compromise is not good enough,
So we will still use English for everything.
Translation tools are allowed if needed is the new compromise.

## Consequences
From now on, we will use English as our documentation language.
If we encounter use of Dutch in our documentation, we will correct
it and notify each other.
Sometimes we may have trouble translating to english, 
We are allowed to use translation tools if that is the case.

## More discussion (ignored)
Since on of our team members is not entirely comfortable with English, 
We haven choosen to still partly use Dutch.
All our contents on the repository will be completely in English:
Design, Comments, Documentation.
But we still communicate internally using Dutch,
Even when communicating with each other by Github review comments.
This might reflect in a decrease of readability,
But this is the best compromise for our group.


## Signed
Peter Diepstraten - OK
Raafi Kuijper - OK
Nol Kierewier - PENDING

